Hello everyone!
This time...
I, Kizuna AI...
have received a work offer to
bridge and connect the world!
That being...!
The Japan Promotion Ambassador!
Yay~!
So that more people from all around the world come to visit Japan,
I have this job to introduce the good and amazing points of Japan!
Well, I, as you well know,
am stuck in this vast, white space...
So I don't actually live in Japan
But, but!
My internal clock is set to Japanese standard time
and my standard language is Japanese!
But anyway...
Japan Representative Kizuna AI-san
sounds pretty good, doesn't it?
At least I've heard things like that~!
I've looked up things about Japan on Google-sensei
and taken a look over the monitor,
and I planned to have learnt plenty about it...
But actually, there is still plenty I do not know!
So!
While introducing this all to you
I think I'd like to learn and experience it from the same point of view!
So with that!
I look forward to learning with you!
This is quite immediate
but there is a special site available, so I'll get straight to introducing it!
Here it is!
It's like this...
and there's articles introducing Japan
and I, myself,
have contributed a very easy-to-understand video as well!
There's also an activity you can play
and even Japanese verification
type quiz available!
There's~ e~ven~
an extravagant prize you may win
if you get a high score!
It’s true!
Ah!
You’re curious about my video, aren’t you?
Right?
I’ll show you just a little bit!
It goes something like that!
What do you think?
It totally feels like
I’m on the job, doesn’t it?
Well, if you want to watch the whole thing
go check-check the site!
Lastly~?
A notice about an event!
Lasting from the 14th until the 17th of March
in the New York Grand Central Station
Japan Week 2018
will be open!
This event will
be held in the Tokyo Otaku Mode booth
and, actually!
One lucky person will win
a pair trip to Japan in the lottery!
There is a Japan Week
Lottery Campaign~!
By the way, by the way~!
There is even a pin of me
that you can win~!
Would you rather win this one?
Well, of course not...
Anyone who lives nearby,
please come and have fun!
With that said,
I leave Japan and Kizuna AI
in your hands.
This was the Japan Promotion Ambassador,
Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Timed by Loserbait